1. Discover a placement / explore by clicking on placement causes black menu blockout over globe - need a neater way to dispaly the info (cool HUD)
2. double clicking should zoom
3. only show claim this space when hexs are in view (i.e. more zoomed in)
4. when link is copied and pasted and open - it woul dbe better to start at normal view and 'travel' to the location
5. start nearby is unneccesasry - get rid of it
6. try a slight brand-green glow around globe
7. calim this space seems to cache the last image?
8. globe editing view is way better than canvas so migrate to that option only
9. when clicking claim this space, the zoom jumps to the nearest which is slightly disorienting - it should stay at the level of the current zoom
10. larger selecting brush needed to select big areas
11. dropdown next to cell count is terrible - small and poor ux/ui
12. add rotate slider on image tab
13. easy to inadvertently click to remove cells from teh middle of a picture - not obvious which editing style we're on - look what canva etc do

---- 

14. for the HUD - remove the "explore the globe" title, change "x connected sample cells" to "x hexagons" (in green colour) and "claimed xx/xx/xx", remove view placement, add company description - if added at placement - should be a limited description addde by the buyer limited to sensible length, number of link clicks
15. need a way to identify hex # for cells but not always on
16. as a premium capture for future ref - ability to add socials links as well as website
17. can links pop under or pop behind instead of taking focus?
18. show hud for centred advert / purchased location on aeroplane tour mode
19. better rotate icon (more horizontal)
20. when zoomed in, on hover show company name, website and hex number (like #123)
21. search should allow company search too
22. auto close search and hud when clicked off  
23. ease out on clicking home - not jump to home - and start rotate by default - maje home icon white
24. Discover icon can be removed it adds nothing new
25 lets try toggle hud instead of x to either have it stay permanent or disappear when clickign around the globe
26. a feed would be good, maybe bottom left on desktop - not sure about realestate on mobile but things like latest claim e.g. "19/09 204 Hexagons claimed by Argos"
---- Completion: 8 September 2026 ----
14-15, 18-26 implemented together: company metadata and green HUD counts,
contextual hex IDs, tour HUD, horizontal rotation icon, company search,
outside dismissal, eased Home with rotation, removal of Discover,
pinnable HUD and responsive latest-session-preview feed.
14/26: dates, link-click counts and feed entries describe real local session
activity only. Sample brands have no invented paid-claim dates or statistics.
16: captured as a future premium requirement in docs/PRODUCT-DELIVERY-PLAN.md.
17: assessed; browsers control tab focus. Standard new-tab links retained,
with Ctrl/Cmd-click guidance for background opening.
---
give us soem example latest activity, 
on hud make hex count v small and on same line have click count (not per session - running total)
pin hud should be a toggel - make things less wordy in general - if it needs words its not intuitive
remove ctrl/cmd message 
make copy link location and emoji 
remove experience preview wording
dont refresh hud when clicking through the same company / owner - update only the hex #
if a logo / image - use teh logo in the hud
try again on the rotate icon - it looks slightly weird
allow click on empty hex at one zoom lelvel higher
in search dont repeat the wording three times
do a sweep of where words could be replaced by meaningful icons or ui rather than expalnations across the site

----
1. update the latest activity with examples of what we might actualyl show ( that may  be of interest to live users doesn't need to be accurate) 
things like (but not overill with emojis (and they need to be on brand))
🟢 Spotify claimed 350 hexagons · 4m ago
🔥 Nike is trending · 1,284 views today
↗ IKEA just received its 1,000th website visit
🌍 284,391 / 1,000,000 claimed
2. remove "Sample brands · no payments" text
3. hud should have the words hexagons not the symobol, click count in green and claimed date also on the same line. the description of the company should be the first thing under teh name. metrics groups together and actions together. the website and copy location link are not good - use a standard copy icon and improve visit website. remove clikced hex number from hud altogether
4. consider more metrics like size compared to other listings like 12th largest claim or whatever wording fits the product. remove the pin icon from the toggle - toggle alone is enouhg. another hud metric can be view and visits - so views on this platform as well as visits to website. 
(Placement views
This should mean:
The placement was actually visible on screen at a meaningful size for long enough to reasonably be seen.
Not just “someone loaded the globe”.
For example:
at least 50% of the placement visible
for ≥1 second
above some minimum rendered size
That gives you:
12,429 views
328 website visits
2.64% visit rate
This is far more defensible to advertisers than saying the whole globe had 100k page views.)
5. Context metrics could be a better options than fixed sized metric: You could have:
#12 largest placement
Top 1% by size
#3 most visited this week
Trending #7
Most explored today
(Not all simultaneously.One contextual badge is enough.)
Also consider % of the world owned 
5. there are three icons below the globe that mean nothing and do nothing - remove them
6. for hte available hex's put Hexagon #8272 and the claim this space button - remove "available"
7. clicking the million hexagons logo (top left should scroll the globe to the centre - like home) - but make this home movement smoother and slower. this should also go back to the original orientation. 
8. pause and rotate icons look shit - surely a proper professional emoji allready exists for these without makign new? also should go rotate one way / pause / rotate other way
9. balance hud and activty log windows postioning
n.b. i'm only looking at desktop implementation at this stage so focus on that but mobile/tablet views need to work following the concepts too (but obviously there is less real estate)
10. there seems to be a ring around the globe - maybe a failed attempt at the background green hue but - its not good - fix please
11. spin at zoomed in levels needs to slow down - so the further zoomed in the less the overall globe spins when moved manually - it's too fast atm.
12. when moving the globe fast - logo can briefly appear blurred - is this preventable?
13. Global metrics I'd expose Somewhere subtle on the product: these can rotate ... cool effect on them would be good (e.g. the text goes then is deleted and new metrics typed or somehtign cool) exmaple global metrics are
284,391 / 1,000,000 claimed
715,609 remaining
1,842 placements
8,392,410 placement views
126,482 website visits sent



-----
14. stop writing example everywhere remove it i need to see what it will actually look like
15. use icons / emojis in the activity log but on brand colours
16. down global metrics - and improve the animation of them not just slide up - AAA site rememebr? global metrics should be top centre and have a bg pill to distinugish from the globe
17. the rotate left, pause and rotate right should all be on the same button - just that the button order
18. activity log and hud should move down the page should and dont make the actiivty log change shape when the title is there (i.e. full zoom out)
19. there seem to be some v faint dots in teh background like stars ( i like them) could they be really faint green hexagons instead)
20. move rhs control button bar up above hud
21. for hud, example calim should read Claimed: 08/08/26 in green
22. for hud copy button aslo in green
23. nearby collapsed is cool but i dont like how expanding it reshaped the hud

-----


1. reduce teh speed t global metrics rotate and the pill is way to big and obnoxious, maybe that is not needed just some blurrign behind the text... and make the font on brand - liek the title text
2. trend icon should be trending icon not line
3. actiivyt log icons in general are not fantastic 
4. remove 6,500 hexagons as a key metric from hud lets do views and visits and claimed (no colon) and spaced across the hud. remove visit rate metric.
5. use globe icon for visit website in hud
6. in hud, 0.00% of the globe is a useless metric - metric options given earlier were examples - the most interesting should be used. 
7. nearby should cover teh hud details - you need to implement a way for it to be shown in the space in teh hud 
commit this first before looking at next steps
----

big issue: adding a image to the globe leads low quality image being shown

------