1. Discover a placement / explore by clicking on placement causes black menu blockout over globe - need a neater way to dispaly the info (cool HUD)
2. double clicking should zoom
3. only show claim this space when hexs are in view (i.e. more zoomed in)
4. when link is copied and pasted and open - it woul dbe better to start at normal view and 'travel' to the location
5. start nearby is unneccesasry - get rid of it
6. try a slight brand-green glow around globe
7. calim this space seems to cache the last image?
8. globe editing view is way better than canvas so migrate to that option only
9. when clicking claim this space, the zoom jumps to the nearest which is slightly disorienting - it should stay at the level of the current zoom
10. larger selecting brush needed to select big areas
11. dropdown next to cell count is terrible - small and poor ux/ui
12. add rotate slider on image tab
13. easy to inadvertently click to remove cells from teh middle of a picture - not obvious which editing style we're on - look what canva etc do

---- 

14. for the HUD - remove the "explore the globe" title, change "x connected sample cells" to "x hexagons" (in green colour) and "claimed xx/xx/xx", remove view placement, add company description - if added at placement - should be a limited description addde by the buyer limited to sensible length, number of link clicks
15. need a way to identify hex # for cells but not always on
16. as a premium capture for future ref - ability to add socials links as well as website
17. can links pop under or pop behind instead of taking focus?
18. show hud for centred advert / purchased location on aeroplane tour mode
19. better rotate icon (more horizontal)
20. when zoomed in, on hover show company name, website and hex number (like #123)
21. search should allow company search too
22. auto close search and hud when clicked off  
23. ease out on clicking home - not jump to home - and start rotate by default - maje home icon white
24. Discover icon can be removed it adds nothing new
25 lets try toggle hud instead of x to either have it stay permanent or disappear when clickign around the globe
26. a feed would be good, maybe bottom left on desktop - not sure about realestate on mobile but things like latest claim e.g. "19/09 204 Hexagons claimed by Argos"
---- Completion: 8 September 2026 ----
14-15, 18-26 implemented together: company metadata and green HUD counts,
contextual hex IDs, tour HUD, horizontal rotation icon, company search,
outside dismissal, eased Home with rotation, removal of Discover,
pinnable HUD and responsive latest-session-preview feed.
14/26: dates, link-click counts and feed entries describe real local session
activity only. Sample brands have no invented paid-claim dates or statistics.
16: captured as a future premium requirement in docs/PRODUCT-DELIVERY-PLAN.md.
17: assessed; browsers control tab focus. Standard new-tab links retained,
with Ctrl/Cmd-click guidance for background opening.
